Faq: WIP (#782)
oscar-system/Oscar.jl: docs/src/General/faq.md

**Q: Why do you have your own matrix types, and why do they not support the exact same commands as Julia matrices?**

Unfortunately, Julia's matrices and linear algebra cannot be made to work in
our context due to two independent problems:
  - in empty matrices (0 rows or columns) all that is known is the *type* of
    the matrix entries, however for the complex types used in Oscar, this

>     information is not sufficient to create elements, hence ``zero(T)`` or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    information is not sufficient to create elements, hence `zero(T)` or
```

    friends cannot work.

>   - many functions (e.g. ``det``) assume that all types used embed into the
>     real or complex numbers, in Julia ``det(ones(Int, (1,1))) == 1.0``, so the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - many functions (e.g. `det`) assume that all types used embed into the
    real or complex numbers, in Julia `det(ones(Int, (1,1))) == 1.0`, so the
```

    fact that this is exactly the integer `1`  is lost. Furthermore, more
    general rings cannot be embedded into the reals at all.
  
---

> **Q: Why can ``zero(T)`` for a type `T` not work?**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Q: Why can `zero(T)` for a type `T` not work?**
```

> **Q: Why can ``zero(T)`` for a type `T` not work?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Q: Why can ``zero(T)`` for a type `T` not work?**
```

At least two reasons:
  - the type depends on data that is not a bit-type

>   - even if it could, it is not desireable. Typical example, computations in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - even if it could, it is not desireable. Typical example: computations in
```

    ``Z/nZ``, so modular arithmetic. If ``n`` is small, then it is tempting to
    define a type `T` depending on `n`. We actually did this, and tried to use

>     this. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    this. It did not work well, for various reasons. E.g.:
```

>     A generic algorithmic pattern is for problems over the integers to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    A generic algorithmic pattern for problems over the integers is to
```

>     solve them by solving this for many `n`, e.g. chosen as prime numbers, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    solve them by solving them modulo `n` for many `n`, e.g. chosen as prime numbers, and
```

>     define a type `T` depending on `n`. We actually did this, and tried to use
>     this. It did not work well, for various reasons. E.g.:
> 
>     A generic algorithmic pattern for problems over the integers is to
>     solve them by solving them modulo `n` for many `n`, e.g. chosen as prime numbers, and
>     then to combine them. If the type depends on `n`, then for every prime the

Reviewer: For consistency...
```suggestion
    define a type `T` depending on ``n``. We actually did this, and tried to use
    this. It did not work well, for various reasons. E.g.:

    A generic algorithmic pattern for problems over the integers is to
    solve them by solving them modulo ``n`` for many ``n``, e.g. chosen as prime numbers, and
    then to combine them. If the type depends on ``n``, then for every prime the
```

    code gets compiled, thus negating any advantages from the use of modular
    techniqes.

Of course, one could make the ``n`` an additional parameter to all functions
needing it, but then e.g. addition of matrices would have to be implemented

> spcifically for this case, negating the advantages of generic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
specifically for this case, negating the advantages of generic
```

implementations.

> In Oscar, the role of the type is split between the acutal Julia-type and the ``parent``.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Oscar, the role of the type is split between the actual Julia type and the `parent`.
```

---

> **Q: What is a ``parent``?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Q: What is a `parent`?**
```

> Almost element like objects in Oscar have a parent, ie. they belong to some

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Almost all element-like objects in Oscar have a parent, i.e., they belong to some
```

larger structure. For example algebraic numbers belong to a number field,

> modular integers belong to ``Z/nZ``, permutations are elements of permutation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
modular integers belong to a ring ``Z/nZ``, permutations are elements of permutation
```

> groups and many more. The data common to all such elements is out-sourced to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
groups and so on. The data common to all such elements is out-sourced to
```

the parent. For a number field for example, the parent contains the polynomial
used to define the field (plus other information).

Given that a type alone is not large enough to contain the data, the parent is 

> used. Roughly, outside a function signature, a parent replaces the role of the 
> type. For example, ``zero(P)`` works.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
used. Roughly, outside a function signature, a parent replaces the role of the 
type. For example, for a ring element `elm` in Oscar `zero(parent(elm))` works,
even if `zero(typeof(elm))` may not.
```
